Feature/azaytsev/from 2021 4 (#9247)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/IE_DG/InferenceEngine_QueryAPI.md

The [ie_api.ExecutableNetwork](api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.inference_engine.ExecutableNetwork.html) class is also extended to support the Query API:
* [ie_api.ExecutableNetwork.get_metric](api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.inference_engine.ExecutableNetwork.html#openvino.inference_engine.ExecutableNetwork.get_metric)
* [ie_api.ExecutableNetwork.get_config](latest/api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.inference_engine.ExecutableNetwork.html#openvino.inference_engine.ExecutableNetwork.get_config)
* There is no method to call for set_config, but the equivalent action is described below.

### Query API in the IECore Class

#### Get Available Devices

```python
from openvino.inference_engine import IECore

ie = IECore()
print(ie.available_devices)
```

This code prints a list of available devices, for example:

```
MYRIAD.1.2-ma2480
MYRIAD.1.4-ma2480
FPGA.0
FPGA.1
CPU
GPU.0
GPU.1
```

Each device name can then be passed to:

* `IECore.load_network` to load the network to a specific device.
* `IECore.get_metric` to get common or device specific metrics.

> * All other methods of the `IECore` class that accept `deviceName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All other methods of the `IECore` class that accept a device name.
```
deviceName is not used in Python, the parameter is sometimes called device and sometimes device_name

#### Get Metric

To extract device properties such as available device, device name, supported configuration keys, and others, use the [IECore.get_metric](api/ie_python_api/_autosummary/openvino.inference_engine.IECore.html#openvino.inference_engine.IECore.get_metric) method:

```python
from openvino.inference_engine import IECore

ie = IECore()
ie.get_metric(device_name="CPU", metric_name="FULL_DEVICE_NAME")
```

A returned value appears as follows: `Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-8700 CPU @ 3.20GHz`.

To list all supported metrics for a device:

```python
from openvino.inference_engine import IECore

ie = IECore()
ie.get_metric(device_name="GPU", metric_name="SUPPORTED_METRICS")
```

> > **NOTE**: All metrics have a specific type, which is set during the metric instantiation. The list of common device-agnostic metrics can be found in ie_plugin_config.hpp. Device specific metrics (for example, for HDDL, MYRIAD devices) can be found in corresponding plugin folders.

Reviewer: This note is not relevant for Python developers and adds confustion. My suggestion is to remove it, but the minimum improvement would be to link to the source files.

Author: Removed
